---
layout: post
title:  "My resume"
date:   2021-03-03 19:03:36 +0530
permalink: /cv/
---
Luu Xuan Anh Tuan
--------------------
---
**Phone**:            0966001198

**Email**:             luuxuananhtuan@gmail.com  

**Adress**:           Xala, Hadong, Hanoi, Vietnam


About Me
--------------------
---
An engineer love everything related to data, interested in the application of statistical learining, data science, machine learning and deep learning to real world problems.

2 years experience with machine learning, deep learning, web crawling and data mining, thrive on developing great product offerings, great people, and great teams. Hopes to focus more on data science and data engineering in future career.

Education
--------------------
---
***Sep 2013 — Jun 2018***
:   ### Ha Noi University of Science and Technology (HUST)

    Major: Control engineering and automation - Advanced Program

    GPA: 3.31/4

    Graduation project: Using AI in designing a temperature controller for electric furnace.


Professional Experience
--------------------
---
***Aug 2019 — Present***
:   ### ELCOM - AI Enginneer
    
    Worked on research and development of computer vision algorithms centered on object recognition

    Analyze data and improve the object detection model for traffic system, estimating increase 5% mean average precision and increase inference time by 10 fps.

    Build, improve and maintain the real time plate detection model include detection and plate character recognition tasks, ensure the accuracy is higher than 95% and can run in embedded system like Jetson Xavier, TX2.

    Research and build the real time deep learning model to classify traffic vehicles with available attributes: color, model, make... 
    
    Develop the model to classify pedestrian's atributes such as: hat, clothes, bags, gender, age...

    Developed algorithms, use image processing for anomaly detection system in traffic. 

    Develop and optimize face recognition system using Jetson Nano

    Build ETL system using Mongodb, Elasticsearch and Kafka to improve search engine for web colearn.vn.

    Research for sematic search and question answer system for search engine of colearn.vn.

    EDA data and build machine learing model to classify students by class.

    Research, build a Chinese to Vietnamese speech to text system include model, backend, webapp to present to customers. 

    Experiment and apply natural language processing tasks to improve speech to text system such as: Named entity recognition, Punctuation restoration.. 

***Sep 2018 — Aug 2019***
:   ### FPT Software - C/C++ Developer
    
    Design and develop HMI part of navigational displays for automotive in-vehicle infotainment.

    Experience in embedded software development using C/C++.

    Modify, fix bugs and do unit tests the existing software meeting deadlines and budgets.
    
***Apr 2018 — Sep 2018***
:   ### TOJI Group - Automation Engineer
    
    Design P & I drawing for power station on AutoCAD.

    Development of PLC programs (Siemens), configuring Human-Machine Interfaces (HMI) for SCADA systems.

    Directly inspect, test and debug the electrical cabinet manufacturing process.

***Spare time***
:   ### Active Learner

    Constantly improve data science skills myself by learning online, joining some interesting contests on Kaggle, Aivivn,...

    Top 20 at 2020 Zalo AI challenge about: Voice recognitation, Traffic sign detection.

    Self-developed an webapp that solve the math problem inspired by wolframalpha.com, now mainly focus on designing and developing user-friendly website for this project, ready go online at mathpp.com.

    Learn something news.


Key Skills
---------------------
---
***Leader***

:   Team motivation, mentorship, cultivation of soft/hard skills of team members.

***Team***

:   Fostering team values and working principles and developing the new ones together with the team.

    Hiring, training new team members and forming the required team skillset.

***mathematics and statistics***

:   Good background in algebra, calculus and probability statistics

***Programming***

:   Excellent programming skills, good understand in OOP.

    Able to learn quickly new language program.

***Machine learning/Deep learning***

:   Good understand in machine learning algorithms: supervised learning (kNN, SVM, Decision Trees, Naive Bayes, Logistic regression, SGD...), unsupervised learning (K-means, Affinity Propagation, DBSCAN).

    Knowledge in dimensionality reduction algorithms, model selection, feature engineering techniques.

    Strong background in deep learning algorithms and modeling techniques (CNN, CRNN, RNN, GRU, LSTM).
    
    Good understand in modern deep neural networks (Resnet, VGG, Mobilenet, Darknet, Yolo, SSD, BERT, Transformer, GPT2...).

    Experience with Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Audio Signal Processing applications.

    Prototype and develop deep learning driven computer vision/imaging algorithms for embedded and mobile platforms.

    Drive the testing, documentation, verification, productization and maintenance of the models.

***Predictive Modeling***

:   Understand the basics of the techniques that create, process, and validate a model to forecast future outcomes.

***Data engineering***

:   Experience with SQL, NoSQL, relational databases, database concepts, dimensional modeling and database design.

***Web scraping***

:   Experience with extracting information and data from variety of websites, transforming the information on a webpage into structured data

***Web developing***

:   Knowledge in website building process, responsive design, testing and debugging.

    Ability to building and maintenance of websites, including of front-end and backend.

***Soft skills***

:   Understanding of technical documentation.

    Strong problem solving and debugging/troubleshooting skills.

    Communication and presentation.

    Organizational and analytical skills.

***English***

:   820/990 TOEIC.

Technical Skills
----------------------
---
Proficient in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, HTML, CSS, Javascript.

Basic experience in using Linux, Windows, MacOS.

Proficient in using ML/DL frameworks like Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras, Mxnet, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, XGBoost, DGL.

Familly with deep learning tools: OpenCV, Scikit-image, Pillow, Matplotlib, Huggingface, Fairseq, Faiss, NLTK, NeMo, Librosa.

Exposure to GPU technology and Nvidia CUDA, Cudnn programming, CUDA optimization experience.

Proficient in web development frameworks such as ReactJs, Jquery, Nodejs, Bootstrap, Wordpress.

Experience with web crawling tools like Scrapy, BeautifulSoup.

Basic knowledge with Hadoop ecosystem: HDFS, YARN, MapReduce, PIG, Hive, Sqoop, Zookeeper.

Basic knowledge with PySpark, Kafka, Confluent.

Experience with common databases such as MySQL, SQL server, SQLite, PostgreSQL, mongoDB, arrangDB, Elastic search, Redis, Neo4j.

Experience with these technologies: REST Api, Flask, Django, Fasapi, Docker, Grpc, Nginx, Celery, Gitlab, Github.

Basic knowledge with Google Cloud Platform.

Certificate
------------------------
---
Tensorflow Developver Certificate 2021-2024

Activities And Interests
------------------------
---
Sports
:   Playing football, badminton to enjoy the rest time after working hours and train physical health.

Gaming
:   Love playing video games in spare time like AOE, LOL.

Sciences 
:   Deep into discover new scientific knowledge in mathematics and statistics.  

<br />
<br />